You can see the body (it's the inner-most box on your page); the box around it is the html element. 
    Make your body fill the whole viewport by giving it a height of 100vh. Remove the default margin from the body 
    by setting the margin to 0. Finally, set the overflow property to hidden to hide any scroll bars that appear when 
    something extends past the viewport.

Variable declarations begin with two dashes (-) and are given a name and a value like this: 
            --variable-name: value;
    To use a variable, put the variable name in parentheses with var in front of them like this: var(--variable-name).
     Whatever value you gave the variable will be applied to whatever property you use it on.
     eg: in styles.css

    In case a varible does not work, you should add a fallback value to a variable by putting it as the second 
     value of where you use the variable like this: var(--variable-name, fallback-value). The property will use 
     the fallback value when there's a problem with the variable.
    
Sometimes varibles dont work because the variables you declared in .bb1 do not cascade to the .bb2
and .bb3 sibling elements. That's just how CSS works. Because of this, variables are often declared 
in the :root selector. This is the highest level selector in CSS; putting your variables there will make 
them usable everywhere. Add the :root selector to the top of your stylesheet, and move all your variable 
declarations there.


Gradients in CSS are a way to transition between colors across the distance of an element. 
    They are applied to the background property and the syntax looks like this:
gradient-type(
  color1,
  color2
);
You can specify where you want a gradient transition to complete by adding it to the color like this:
gradient-type(
  color1,
  color2 20%,
  color3
);

repeating-linear-gradient will make the four colors of your gradient repeat until it gets to the
    bottom of the element; giving you some stripes, and saving you from having to add a bunch of elements
    to create them.

all the gradients you created have gone from top to bottom, that's the default direction. 
    You can specify another direction by adding it before your colors like this:

gradient-type(
  direction,
  color1,
  color2
);

When you increase the size of the left and right borders, the border on the bottom will 
expand to be the width of the combined left and right border widths.(useful in creating those triangles on building tops)

At the top of the sky gradient color list, where you would put a direction for the gradient; add circle
 closest-corner at 15% 15%,. This will move the start of the gradient to 15% from the top and left. It will
 make it end at the closest-corner and it will maintain a circle shape. These are some keywords built into 
 gradients to describe how it behaves