A useful property of an SVG (scalable vector graphics) is that it contains a path 
    attribute which allows the image to be scaled without affecting the resolution of the 
    resultant image.

Currently, the img is assuming its default size, which is too large. 
    CSS has a max function which returns the largest of a set of comma-separated values. 
    For example:
    img {
    width: max(250px, 25vw);
    }

The child combinator selector > is used between selectors to target only elements 
    that match the second selector and are a direct child of the first selector.
    This can be helpful when you have deeply nested elements and want to control the scope of your styling.


As this is a quiz, you will need a form for users to submit answers.
    You can semantically separate the content within the form using section elements.

Two final semantic HTML elements for this project are the footer and address elements. 
    The footer element is a container for a collection of content that is related to the page, 
    and the address element is a container for contact information for the author of the page.

On the topic of visual accessibility, contrast between elements is a key factor. 
    For example, the contrast between the text and the background of a heading should be at least 4.5:1.

While ul/li elements are great at providing bullets for list items, your radio buttons don't need them. 
    You can control what the bullets look with the list-style property. 

Certain types of motion-based animations can cause discomfort for some users. 
    In particular, people with vestibular disorders have sensitivity to certain motion triggers.
    The @media at-rule has a media feature called prefers-reduced-motion to set CSS based on the user's preferences. 
    It can take one of the following values:

    reduce
    no-preference
    @media (feature: value) {
        selector {
            styles
        }
    }

Finally, the navigation accessibility can be improved by providing keyboard shortcuts.

The accesskey attribute accepts a space-separated list of access keys. For example:

<button type="submit" accesskey="s">Submit</button>